fix: FilePicker widget (#999)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/filepicker.md

# FilePicker

> This document guides you on how to use the FilePicker widget to upload files from your local machine to cloud storage platforms or manage them within your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document guides you on using the Filepicker widget to select and upload files such as images, .....
```

> <VideoEmbed host="youtube" videoId="Sl0zN2CSJaY" title="Configure Filepicker Widget" caption="Configure Filepicker Widget"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<VideoEmbed host="youtube" videoId="Sl0zN2CSJaY" title="Filepicker widget and its properties" caption="Configure Filepicker Widget"/>
```

##  Upload files

To upload a file or multiple files, you can drag and drop them onto the FilePicker widget or select files from your local machine. To access the uploaded file's data, you can use the following code in query or widget bindings. 

```js
{{ FilePicker1.files[0].data }}

//here [0] represents index of the file.
```

:::info
Any file exceeding 5 MB would be saved as a blob URL, and the upper limit for file size is 100 MB.
:::

> Appsmith supports various file types and data formats, including:

Reviewer: shift this para to the top

* **Binary**: Binary files store data in the form of contiguous bytes, without a defined reading method. To upload a binary file, choose Data Format as Binary and then upload the file.
* **Text**: Text files store data as human-readable characters. 
* **Base64**: Base64 is a binary-to-text encoding scheme that represents binary data in an ASCII string format.
* **Array (CSV)**: CSV files store tabular data as plain text, with each row separated by a line break and each value separated by a comma. 

> :::tip

Reviewer: combine the two callouts into one info callout

If the user uses the data in an API or query, it would be uploaded as base64 or binary data, despite appearing in the blob URL format when you log the data. If you intend to upload files of significant size, kindly adjust the timeout settings in the API configuration.
:::

### Upload file to S3

> To upload a file to [S3](/reference/datasources/querying-amazon-s3), follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upload a file to [Amazon S3](/reference/datasources/querying-amazon-s3), follow these steps:
```

* Click the **+** icon next to Queries/JS and choose your S3 datasource.
* From the Commands drop-down menu, select the "**Create a new file**" method.
* Provide the necessary parameters for reading the file, such as the bucket name, file path, and file data type. For instance, to get name of the file, you can use `{{ FilePicker1.files[0].name }}`.
* In the content body, add the following:

```js
{{ FilePicker1.files[0].data }}
```

If using the S3 multiple file upload command, you only need to provide `{{FilePicker1.files}}`.

> You can refer to this [tutorial](https://www.appsmith.com/blog/upload-and-manage-files-on-cloudinary-with-the-filepicker-widget) to understand how to use the FilePicker widget to upload or manage files on Cloudinary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more,  see [how to use the Filepicker widget](https://www.appsmith.com/blog/upload-and-manage-files-on-cloudinary-with-the-filepicker-widget) to upload or manage files on Cloudinary.
```

> ## Display data in table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Display CSV data in Table
```
